every military organization needs to have a control structure. And we
got from historical bases, a class of people considered commissioned
officers who seemed Ringling news here you dition intelligence and
education that would allow them to be in charge of enlisted people those
winds are blowing these days when I was in Vietnam we were very
proud of the fact that our intelligence field required higher test
scores than the officer candidate school required so those are blurring
and so frequently a lot of your technical direction comes from senior
NCOs and not from officers but officers are required because their
commission by the US government and that commission allows them
to do things like administering oaths or citing certain pieces of paper
they sign incidently would you become a commissioned officer you
swear to a different oaths in the enlisted people so there is a difference
between them but not much should be made of that if you're
considering a military career